docs: fix various documentation errors including grammar, consistency and terminology (#5993)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/plugins/dev/index.mdx

## Lifetime hooks

> Rsbuild uses lifetime planning internally, and plugins can also register hooks to take part in any stage of the workflow and implement their own features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rsbuild internally uses lifecycle hooks to schedule tasks, and plugins can also register hooks to take part in any stage of the workflow and implement their own features.
```
